#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ortools
abstract-singleton==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auto-gpt-plugin-template
aiofiles==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
ajsonrpc==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipython
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
auto-gpt-plugin-template==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
awsebcli==3.20.10
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
boto3==1.28.85
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.31.85
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bottle==0.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
cement==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pipenv
    #   requests
    #   xero-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   platformio
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dj-database-url==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-storages
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.52.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fpdf==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-speech
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-speech
google-cloud-speech==2.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via zeroconf
ifcopenshell==0.7.0.240521
    # via -r requirements.in
immutabledict==4.2.0
    # via ortools
ipython==8.12.3
    # via pipreqs
isodate==0.6.1
    # via ifcopenshell
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lark==1.1.9
    # via ifcopenshell
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
mathutils==3.3.0
    # via ifcopenshell
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via pipreqs
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   ifcopenshell
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   ortools
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
openai==1.30.4
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
ortools==9.9.3963
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pipdeptree
    #   pytesseract
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ortools
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfrw==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pytesseract
pipdeptree==2.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pipenv==2023.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pipreqs==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
platformio==5.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.45
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-speech
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   ortools
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.7.2
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.18.3
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyelftools==0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via pdfplumber
pyserial==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   botocore
    #   ifcopenshell
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   xero-python
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via jupyter-client
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   google-api-core
    #   platformio
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   speechrecognition
    #   yarg
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
scipy==1.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   platformio
shapely==2.0.4
    # via ifcopenshell
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   awsebcli
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
speechrecognition==3.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
tesseract==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   speechrecognition
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   xero-python
uvicorn==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
wand==0.6.13
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.43.0
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wsproto==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   platformio
xero-python==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarg==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zeroconf==0.37.0
    # via platformio

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
